uh
when i was in elementary school i
thought the reason we were supposed to
capitalize the first letter of people's
names was a sign of respect
so i always refuse to capitalize the
name of my fourth grade teacher or
george bush because i did not respect
them lowercase derogatory
it's tumblr
welcome
how are you
welcome here you are here i can
subscribe
i put my phone down and can't find it a
saga want me to call it it's on silent a
tragedy in three parts i'll call it
anyway everyone stands around realizing
really quietly listening for a faint
buzzing noise a comedy
it's almost 1am but in the song belle
from beauty and the beast the villagers
sing i need six eggs that's too
expensive and then later in the song
gaston says gaston gaston says when i
was a lad i ate four dozen eggs every
morning to help me get large and now
that i'm grown i eat five dozen eggs so
i'm roughly as large as a barge
gaston has been eating dozens of eggs
every day for his entire life and is
single-handedly creating an artificial
egg scarcity in the village and driving
up egg prices this economy is in
shambles in this essay
my therapist asked me what i thought my
abusive ex was up to nowadays and
apparently like if i know the heck if i
care is the right answer why did this
get so many notes because we're proud of
you
congratulations find your real angel
name first two letters of your last name
okay emc um first vowel of your first
name
a maca third letter of your middle name
uh or parent's first name okay mccad um
last consonant of your last name uh
mccadden uh mcadamil mccadniel that's my
angel name mcadniel i'm freaking fargo
girl i'm thought real
get off my level
oh my god that's great i love that
once upon a time
a young
young teenage me used to write fan
fiction like my life depended on it to
fix every week and i had no idea there
was someone out there printing out my
fix and putting them in a box to read
when they needed something to cheer them
up anyways
fast forward to 20 year old me on my
third date with emily she mentions
offhand that she's got a box of thick
she printed out and saved it's a few
months later after that and she shows me
one of the fix in the box and holy crap
that's my garbage pick from so long ago
anyways my point is life is so freaking
such a freaking trip my dude i still
remember when we found this out i don't
think either of us stopped yelling for
hours look it's been eight years and i'm
still like elemeo i'm i married a fan
that's so funny stop truck talking trash
about the greek gods athena is wise
hephaestus is productive dionysus
pansexual icon demeter is generous zeus
aphrodite is bad but i can't swear on
this channel but you know the word hades
is efficient
all me and my homies hate zeus we joke
about the neo-victorianism that wearing
masks brings about but yesterday one of
my students pulled his mask down to
drink some water and the girl sitting
beside him explain exclaimed i have
never seen your mouth before and he
blushed and covered his mouth with his
hand it was just iconic on the flip side
one of my students told me he had a
crush on someone so i pulled up skyward
and searched her name and i was like is
this her and he looked at the picture
and just went oh i've never seen her
without her mask before never mind
oh my god there's two the duality of man
here i think
my ideal job is being paid 50 bucks an
hour to sit on the computer doing
whatever i want at an empty rented
office space for mysterious employers
definitely running some kind of money
laundering scheme and just needing me to
keep up appearances of one
of their shell companies but i'm not
like in on anything and no one can
charge me for anything you know i'd be
the perfect friend for your shady
company i always look baffled i'll never
be able to pick you out of a lineup and
odds are good i'll forget your name 10
minutes after you tell it to me oh my
gosh hire me for this job please please
please shawty please sometimes someone
isn't toxic they're just abrasive or
mutagenic or highly flammable and you
should always check their material
safety data sheet just to be sure tag
yourself i'm harmful irritant oh dang it
i wanted heartfully irritant i guess i'm
radioactivity me as the sole survivor of
the apocalypse commenting last on every
youtube video one day you get an alert
that someone liked your comment it was
me on a separate account
oh come on man play in the space a
little the swimming pool was temporarily
closed due to the david 19 situation the
pool really hates david for well what up
i'm david 19 and i never learned how to
freaking swim
in fifth grade a boy tried to impress me
by swallowing a whole tadpole live and i
punched him so hard that he puked and
the tadpole was fine truly was not
expecting to read anything like that
today i kept it in a terrarium and it
became a normal frog despite everything
about a year afterward i thought it died
so i suddenly put in a shoebox in the
shed until the ground
thawed enough for a proper funeral and
when the day came i opened the box and
the frog was fine just like jesus
this is funnier than anything i have
ever said
my mom has these winnie the pooh salt
and pepper shakers on the stove but
christopher robin fell over and it looks
like he's having a breakdown what poo
dissociates
oh my god you kidnapped jack black
that's illegal kermit
what's more likely illegal briefly
inconveniencing jack black or destroying
the muppets kidnapping jack black fozzie
kermie whatever i may think of you right
now these guys are counting on you to
inspire them what to kidnap people to
work together
to kidnap people mr the frog we all
agree a celebrity is not a people mr the
frog we all agreed that a celebrity is
not the people the muppets have one one
collective brain cell between them and
90 of the time kermit has it
my first joke i ever made was drawing a
comic where two people are staring at a
dress in the window of a store one of
them says i would die for that dress and
the other just says i would kill for
that dress and then they look at each
other awkwardly this was when i was like
six and every day i wake up and i'll
never knowing that i'll never be able to
top this it's my magnum opus
oh dang
we all peak eventually just your daily
reminders
racists are a problem white people are
not homophobes are a problem man
straight people are not transphobes are
a problem and cis people are not and
sexists are a problem but men are not
and most importantly
hating an innocent person solely because
of their asexuality your gender makes
you a freaking butthole
yeah
yeah
at the vet's office someone copy pasted
he
bookmark alignment chart lawful good the
book ribbon classic neutral good the
sentence pointer a chaotic good scrap of
paper receipts lawful neutral ebook
ending athletic not having in a true
neutral proper bookmark a chaotic
neutral leaf
um lawful evil memorizing the page
number neutral evil leaving the book
face down chaotic evil dog ear the
diamond shark bookmark edition tag
yourself i'm scrap paper i'm leaf
hi welcome to the end of the video i
hope you enjoyed if you did there's two
videos up there that are just like this
one that i'm sure you'll like as well if
you really like this video do me a favor
and like and subscribe because it lets
me know this is the type of content
you'd like to see finally my social
medias are in the description down below
you should check out my twitch which is
lifu l 3 a f u on twitch